{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20920\viewh13100\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Design Change Report
\f1\b0 \
\

\f0\b Design Principles and Patterns\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx15249\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 Design principles and patterns were not used because of the small software requirement.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\f0\b Design Evolution\

\f1\b0 The final software product has undergone three design changes.\
They include\
	1. Initial development. Count the frequency of each unique word.\
	2. First requirement change. Count the number of lines. Count the number of characters.\
	3. Second requirement change. Pattern replacement. \
\
How the software changed due to each of these requirement changes will be described here. \
\
1. The initial software requirement marked the initial development of the word processing software. Initially the design was a single pass execution design with no user interactivity. The user would provide and input and output file. The input file would be analyzed for the frequency of unique words and output the results to an output file. All of the implementation was contained in a single python file, and all of the implementation was in the \'93main\'94 python block with no method calls used. Results were printed to the screen and written to an output file.\
\
2. The first software requirement change didn\'92t require change in the overall design of the software. Two additionally functionalities were added to \'93main\'94 block, the logic for counting the number of characters and the number of lines. Results were printed to the screen and written to an output file.\
\
3. The second software requirement change required a large software design overhaul. All of the requirements were placed into unique method\'92s for calling. The decision to methodize functionality was made to improve readability and allow for implementation of user interactive. With the software features contained in methods the user was given the ability to interact with the software using a printed menu based input system. Results were written to an output file\
\
\
	}